[Applause]
attempts to break up a Sittin by
protesters demanding an immediate ceas
fire deal that would ensure the Handover
of more than 120 captives still held in
the Gaza Strip police pushed back crowds
on
Horseback and used water cannon against
the demonstrators blocking a road
Junction several people were
[Applause]
arrested this video shared on social
media show police pushing A Member of
Parliament as she tried to verify the
identity of the
officer tens of thousands of Israelis
protested across the country on Saturday
including in Tel Aviv hia and West
Jerusalem the sister of one of the three
dead captives bought back on Friday by
Israeli forces spoke to those gathered
in Tel
[Applause]
Aviv I am hanan's sister in just a few
hours I will bury my 42-year-old brother
who was murdered on October 7th and
whose body was kidnapped to Gaza this is
something we learned about recently it's
only now that we're beginning to
understand what happened that morning I
had great hope that I would see my
brother again but not at the
cemetery families are angry and in pain
and say they can no longer stay silent
they accuse the government of abandoning
the captives by prioritizing their
political divisions and personal
interests with some calling on the prime
minister to
resign Matan you are my best friend I
haven't hugged you for
232 days I don't hear you asking what to
eat
232 days that the Prime Minister and the
cabinet are obstructing the deals and
preventing me from hugging
you after a complete stalemate there are
hopes that ceasefire talks could resume
as soon as next week the results of a
meeting in Paris between the chiefs of
the CIA and the mosad and the cat prime
minister despite International
condemnation Israel says it will
continue its war on Gaza Hamas on the
other hand says it will only accept a
deal if the war is ended permanently
meanwhile while the families of those
held captive say they'll continue to put
pressure on their government s Al jazer
am make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer